README.md, before:

## Welcome

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/chitransh-atre/chitransh-atre.github.io/edit/main/README.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [Basic writing and formatting syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/chitransh-atre/chitransh-atre.github.io/settings/pages). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact
Connect me via my email or social networks or whatsapp number:
1.) Email: chitransh.atre@gmail.com

2.) LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/chitransh-atre/

3.) Whatsapp: +91-7718718558

Commit message:

writing about me a little bit

README.md, after:

## Welcome

About Me:

I am working as a researcher. I like to work upon new innovative ideas and implement them. Beside that I love to do coding, it keeps me refresh. 
But now, I also love to do real experiments kind of stuffs. 

I am a CFD guy working in OpenFOAM, Ansys, bla..bla.. and Blender(especailly fluid animation).



### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [Basic writing and formatting syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/chitransh-atre/chitransh-atre.github.io/settings/pages). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact
Connect me via my email or social networks or whatsapp number:
1.) Email: chitransh.atre@gmail.com

2.) LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/chitransh-atre/

3.) Whatsapp: +91-7718718558
